[Music]
hey thanks for joining us for the new
truth about Marilyn Monroe the life of
this legendary actress of the 20th
century has been described in more than
600 books in her childhood she used to
be a tomboy in 1947 she won the title
Miss artichoke in a beauty contest in
California you may think you've heard
all the tales about Marilyn Monroe but
here's another one that has been kept
secret for many years before you
discover some hidden sides of Marilyn's
personality hit the subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side of life imagine a little
town that hides among old trees and
farmhouses scattered all over the hills
there is only one small market a tiny
gas station and a clerk's office in the
town
this is Roxbury Connecticut it's only 75
miles away from New York but it seems
that the whole world separates these
places few people are aware of the
existence of this town but even fewer
now that the celebrated Marilyn Monroe
spent five years of her life in Roxbury
when the actress married Arthur Miller
the playwright who became famous for his
play Death of a Salesman she was already
a star recognized all over the world but
she was growing sick and tired of her
fame her biggest wish at that time was a
quiet life in the country which is how
she ended up in Roxbury and that's
exactly where this story took place most
of the people who lived in this tiny
town were from poor immigrant families
they were simple workers and had
troubles other than spying on a
celebrity who lived next door the family
of a boy let's call him Johnny lived in
the community like everyone else they
didn't have enough money and the boy had
to work after school he was a part-time
sales assistant in a small shop
Marilyn Monroe was their loyal customer
Johnny remembered her as a kind funny
and very generous lady in his opinion
she was even more beautiful in everyday
life than on the screen monroe was
friendly and polite to all the
entrepreneurs in the town as for this
particular shop she always left big tips
for Johnny and the other kids who worked
there from time to time her kindness
literally saved the families of these
kids from starving after having lived in
Roxbury for about a year
the actress knew all the kids by name
she communicated with them in a pretty
informal way and naturally most boys had
a crush on her
one day Marilyn came to the shop and
noticed that Johnny was absent the sad
owner told her that Johnny's mother had
died suddenly the day before the boy's
family was one of the poor immigrant
families who counted every penny and
this made their loss even more tragic
surprisingly the family found out the
next day that the funeral service had
been completely paid for on top of that
the funeral parlor was full of flowers
Johnny's family was told that the
funeral had been organized by the church
since the service had been paid for in
advance all the money collected by the
local community was given directly to
the family this modest sum of money
however was enough for them to move away
and start their life anew in this way it
was easier for the family to overcome
their loss moreover this decision had a
positive effect on Johnny's life in that
new and better place he and his sisters
had many more opportunities for a better
future
Johnny's family didn't think too much
about that difficult time and the
unexpected but timely help only decades
later did they find out that Marilyn
Monroe was involved in their story when
the actress was told about the tragedy
she asked for the details of the funeral
service she explained that she won
to send flowers but she didn't mention
that she was also going to pay for the
whole funeral she went to the funeral
parlor in person and after giving the
money to the owner she made him promise
that nobody would hear about her
participation she also got the address
of the church where the funeral mass was
going to take place after that Munroe
visited the church to see the priest the
man was so impressed by his guests that
he recorded her visit in the church
register book that's how many years
later the family of little Johnny
discovered that Marilyn Monroe took part
in their life along with this
information several other facts came to
light it turned out that at
approximately the same time the actress
made a substantial donation to the local
church school it was mostly poor
children from the families of immigrants
who attended the school the money from
Marilyn Monroe held many kids to get an
education in fact the majority of local
inhabitants either knew or guessed about
the kindness of the actress but the
family of Johnny had left town and
therefore discovered the truth much
later they were all devastated that they
didn't get to know the story earlier
when the actress was alive there's no
hard evidence that this story happened
but think of this the public image of
Maryland differed dramatically from her
true personality and even those bits and
pieces we know about her nowadays don't
completely reveal what kind of person
she was
the actress was much kinder and softer
than her contemporaries used to think
she loved animals and as you see cared
deeply about people her first husband
James Doherty once told a story that
confirmed Maryland's compassionate
nature
the actress tried to bring a cow into
their house because it was pouring with
rain outside and she wanted to get the
animal out of the rain when Roe was much
unhappier than her smiling pictures
showed the actress grew up in an
orphanage in foster homes during her
short life she changed her address more
than 50 times she desperately wanted to
have a home of her own when she married
Arthur Miller
she told the man about her dreams the
actress confessed that she hated
Hollywood and didn't want to have
anything to do with it anymore she was
planning to lead a quiet life in the
country and support her husband Marilyn
was sure that for the first time in her
life she wasn't alone but on the day of
Miller and Monroe's wedding a tragedy
happened on June 29th 1956 when the
couple signed their marriage license the
area turned into a playground for
paparazzi one of the cars following the
newlyweds was speeding along the curvy
country roads a little bit too quickly
and the driver couldn't control the car
as a result the French reporter who was
inside died people said that such a
tragedy after the wedding was a bad omen
whether you believe this or not their
words turned out to be prophetic
unfortunately Maryland's life in Roxbury
didn't resemble the one she had imagined
in her dreams for the first year of her
life in the town with just 750
inhabitants
she was probably content to play the
role of a devoted housewife but the
actress was too accustomed to admiration
cameras and attention besides her
husband was a self-sufficient in
solitary man
he spent mornings working in his study
and afternoons repairing the house as
for the actress she didn't have much to
occupy herself with very soon she got
tired of playing with the family basset
hound Hugo and rearranging furniture she
focused on her appearance they say that
the actress was so afraid of blemishes
that she washed her face 15 times a day
[Music]
it's no wonder that the marriage broke
down On January 24th 1961 when the
couple got a divorce
due to their different lifestyles
Marilyn Monroe and Arthur Miller had
been married for less than five years
the playwright married photographer Inga
Morris
just one month after the divorce
as for Marilyn her life came to an end
19 months later on August 5th 1962 in
her new home in Los Angeles her death
remains as mysterious as the life of
this outstanding woman so do you know
any facts about Marilyn Monroe which
aren't widely known if so write about
them in the comment section below
remember to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and hit the
subscribe button this way
you'll instantly move to the bright side
of life
[Music]